this is how you make the wings are you
[__] kidding me they're dry
how many weeks did you cook them for
they're [__] disgusting
there's me thinking it's a properly
cooked [__] chicken wing this is
the worst kitchen in america hey what's
up guys and welcome back to
hot ones you're probably confused you
are watching first we feast but after
watching mr ramsay tear into the cold
dry wings served on the show sean called
me up and asked me to make the wings for
my own appearance which is kind of like
cleaning the gun for your own execution
but if we're gonna do this we might as
well do it right so to keep the wings
crispy and moist on their journey from
soho to midtown i decided to go with a
low temperature frying method that more
closely resembles confit first the wings
are fried at 225 degrees fahrenheit for
about 20 minutes then removed allowed to
drain refrigerated overnight and fried
again this time at 400 degrees
fahrenheit for 10 minutes this yields
the crispiest juiciest wings i've ever
tasted and they should stay that way
long after they've been doused in
poisonous sauce there we go two dozen
ultra crispy wings ready for transport
let's go see if i've got what it takes
to be a hot one
hey what's going on everybody for first
week feast i'm shawn evans and you're
watching hot ones it's the show with hot
questions and even hotter wings and
today we're joined by andrew ray
you know him from his extremely popular
cooking channel binging with babish
where he whips up iconic dishes inspired
by tv and film he also has a new
cookbook on the way it's called binging
with babish 100 recipes recreated from
your favorite tv shows and movies with a
forward from john favreau and a blurb by
me andrew rae welcome to the show thanks
for having me man typically we ask
guests how they handle their heat but i
think with you it's only fair that we
ask is there a tv or movie scene that
involves hot sauce that you think is the
best of all time
not hot sauce per se but um from uh uh
the simpsons uh homer simpson
who tries to tangle with something
called the guatemalan insanity pepper
which is a pepper that is a candle i
remember this well yeah yeah so so he he
drinks a candle
to protect his mouth from the spicy
stuff but it still goes in his stomach
and still messes him up
but i thought that was a brilliant
tactic to just coat your
mouth and wax i wish i could do
something like that
[Music]
hmm
there's some interesting flavors going
on there
that's fun
[Music]
so it's clear that you're a massive film
and tv buff i know that the fraser
obsession runs deep and it's impossible
to visit your apartment these days
without catching a screening of into the
spider-verse
pound for pound
what do you think is the best tv or film
in regards to food references oh it's
gotta be chef it was one of the earliest
episodes i ever did was pasta isla olio
from chef and then he came on my show
and we did um chocolate lava cakes and
i've also done the cubano sandwiches
which were unbelievable this mojo
marinated pork but more than just all
the beautiful food in that movie it's
about the uh the the togetherness
and the uniting power that food can have
and it's a movie that really loves food
more than most movies about food that
big night which is just like
it's just food paradise and then of
course another fascinating byproduct of
your channel is it serves as a litmus
test for some of the most passionate
cult fan bases on the internet when you
think back on the videos that you've
done do any stand out it seems like
spongebob stuff always floats to the top
oh yeah anything with spongebob in the
title is going to
trend it's going to skyrocket because it
has a gigantic fervent fan base of which
i am one i grew up watching spongebob
it's an old enough show that i was like
11 when that show came out i think this
is where fandom lives is in the food
from fiction and sometimes fandom
especially when you're doing these deep
dive pop culture references i imagine
that you sometimes get fact checked by
nerds who are super into this stuff have
you ever been in hot water with fans of
a particular movie or tv show
not really from the fans i get more in
hot water with uh uh foodies people who
you know say oh you didn't make that
pizza right or you didn't do this right
like people have a lot to say about what
i did wrong and uh you know i i try to
make it as instructional as possible but
i'm learning along with the audience
like this is a learning experience for
both of us
skinny habanero hot sauce does that mean
it's like low calorie
yeah
okay i'm sorry i'm not trying to [__] on
your brands here but
it's just
it's just funny that's a skinny habanero
hot sauce all hot sauce is pretty skinny
so when i see hot ones fans in the wild
there are certain questions that i can
reasonably count on you know people like
what's the best interview ever or how's
your butthole you know those things i
can count on so here on this wing i
think it's important to hit you with
some of the binging with babish faqs
which video is the most difficult to
make probably the second episode ever
which was tempano a 14-hour process
right yeah wow how'd you know that
you always know all the all these crazy
little factoids wow i just got a dizzy
spell that was weird
i shouldn't have done that now i just
now i just i already heard the
when i said that
yes 14 hours spent making tempano which
is i call it a big kinky lasagna it's
like 10 different layers of pasta and
meatballs and eggs and cheese and sauce
and all kinds of good stuff it's from
big night and
i'm never going to make it again i
promise what's the most you've ever
dropped trying to get rare ingredients
for an expensive meal
okay that's probably
red dead redemption
which is more recent i dressed up like a
cowboy and i ordered a bear meat
actual genuine as they said free range
bear meat
but that episode clocked in at least a
thousand dollars for the costume and for
the uh exotic meats and for the tent and
for the damage i did in my car trying to
drive a audi a4 in the middle of the
woods
[Music]
everybody always says this is the
tastiest one let's see
[Music]
well now you know for
sure that was good
so as we touched on you recreate dishes
from tv and movies and i know that that
comes from a genuine place of curiosity
well here i think that it's only right
that we do one that's inspired by a
spicy scene and we did some research and
there's one that i think that we can do
right here at this table and easy are
you familiar with the wake up juice from
back to the future three future three
yes
back to the future three when doc brown
he does one shot passes out and then
they whip up some wake-up juice to wake
him up boom andrew you always know these
little factoids well let's bring out the
mise-en-place oh my god oh is that your
new catchphrase
oh my god how about chris with the
forearm strength to bring this out wow
yeah how much is
it's not easy yeah that's not a joke i
can lift it i'm sitting okay so what i
think is easy about this is it just
involves like dumping stuff into a glass
right this has got to be one of the
easiest recreations so they just kind of
poured in with reckless abandon
pickle juice and hot sauce at the same
time if i remember correctly i might be
getting this wrong i'm sorry
all right some nice hot sauce pickle
juice there we go
oh nice noises you guys getting that
little asmr a little ploppy asmr for you
there you go
all right
moonshine i think
was next
definitely poured in what looked to me
like bloody mary mixed but they
obviously didn't have that in 18
1885. oh did i get that right
give that a little mixer that looks
right like that looks like the right
color and consistency it's got stuff
floating in it it doesn't look that bad
it kind of looks like a luxe bloody mary
yeah except with no vodka does anybody
have any vodka oh wait there's whiskey
in there what am i saying yeah we got to
stay true to the art
after you shine all right
that'll cure what else yeah
it's definitely some wake up juice yeah
let's see what's going on here hit that
wake up just go check the whole thing
real quick
the best part without a doubt
is the classic hot sauce
[Music]
before you made it your full-time career
making homer simpson's moon waffles i
know that you worked as a graphic artist
you know sometimes when people talk
about taking that leap they always give
the advice as if it should be some sort
of reckless decision like you should
just say like [__] it and jump yeah i
think for the vast majority of people
making ballsy but measured decisions is
the way to go
i didn't i think about it all the time
like i looked back i was reckless i quit
my job i sold all my [__] i went to new
york like had four roommates tried to
make you know and i looked back on it
and obviously things worked out pretty
good but
i look back on that all the time and i'm
like that was [__] stupid you know
like there's a lot of balls that had to
bounce my way in order for me to just
break even on it and for it to make
sense when i moved here i sold my car
with no job i my car i got two thousand
dollars for it and i used you know
1500 of that for one month's rent and
some [__] in park slope and uh i
think that if you really believe in
yourself and what you're doing there's
going to be a moment where you're like
this is a big risk but
this is the one that you know could
potentially change everything so just
keep an eye out for it and uh you know
be cautious but be a little ballsy be a
little crazy
those scallions is that does that
translate to the hots
ones
hot
oh okay
i get it
i took seven years of spanish and
that's
didn't absorb any of it
wow that's good
g willippers where do i buy this
whatever you want andrew i got you bro
well you already sent me a couple of
these bottles for christmas so thank you
i got more of them for you today
okay all right andrew
i have a little bit of a surprise for
you on this wing all right so we reached
out to a few of our mutual internet
friends and asked them if they have any
questions for you andrew ray all right
so here is a new segment that we're
calling youtubers ask other youtubers
questions that's a good guess
it's a segment that we're calling
questions from famous youtubers that we
both know
so what we're going to do is we are
going to show you on the monitor up
first we have hot ones alum and friend
of the brand and he has a very important
question for you okay okay
hey all right real quick i wanna know
what the number one most underrated
kitchen gadget is and the number one
most overrated that's a great question
thank you marcus brandley the most
underrated is a cutting board a big [__]
off cutting board like
24 by 18 like you know huge big work
surface that you can just own and you
know if you're chopping carrots they're
not rolling off and rolling under the
fridge and disappearing for the rest of
your life and the most overrated kitchen
gadget is the one that does it all or
the one that does it all for you because
it never comes out as something
as good as something that you do
yourself some gadget that you smack on
to make it chop onions it's never going
to chop onions as well as you could or
as quickly as you could if you just
practice a little bit once you get good
at it you're going to be way faster than
some
toy that is trying to do it for you all
right up next we have our buddy brad
leone who was actually driving down the
highway pulled over on the truck stop
said he could hit you with this one
thanks for that
hey sean calling in from a massachusetts
truck stop got a question for old baby
while he's uh sweating the bean bag off
eating those hot ones you're giving them
um yeah baby so with uh you know what
your global reach using youtube what
positive what positive effects do you
want to have on the viewers huh
my endgame is the same as yours brad
which is to get people cooking like you
know
he entertains as he informs
and that's like the best thing you could
possibly do on youtube is something that
has utility something that entertains
and something that's that inspires and
that's exactly what he does and that's
exactly what i want to do i want to get
people cooking all right one more for
you andrew and this is from rhett hey
bretton link who uh is actually taking a
break from his vacation just to hit you
oh my god it looks like he's got a
beautiful ocean behind him
hey andrew it's rhett i trust that
you're not embarrassing yourself yet
my one piece of advice for getting
through this is to absorb the energy of
one wing to overcome the next wing and
by the time you make it to the end you
will have presumably absorbed all the
energy of all the wings that's the key
uh and the one question i have for you
is what is the one question that you get
asked most often that you hate answering
you're welcome good luck and godspeed
that's a question from a guy who's been
famous for a long time like that um has
got to be what does babish mean
uh because i have answered it a billion
times and we'll answer it we'll answer
it here hopefully for i'll do it i'll do
it for you you hate answering it you
know what you
a niche character
from the west wing you're absolutely
right how many episodes the west wing
three
eight
[__]
[Music]
hmm
that's good
i'm not giving you guys anything to go
dun dun for
except for that one whenever we do the
first sauce
recently did an episode of the burger
show with our friend alvin were you
attempted to pass muster as a line cook
at his restaurant the usual do you have
a newfound respect for line cooks having
gone through that experience no because
i already had a lot of respect for wine
cooks going through that experience
it takes a certain kind of person to
work in a professional kitchen and i
have nothing but admiration for it
because it eludes me i i definitely do
deflect the the title of chef because i
have not earned it i am a
home cook that has a camera and knows
how to shoot things very well i will say
that i'm a way better editor than i am a
cook uh so i make things look good and i
make it seem like it's easy but uh i'm
i'm i'm not a chef and i don't deserve
that
next up we got trinidad scorpion
okay that's the first one that's got a
little bit of heat to it that's fun
all right
i'm so dreading to bomb oh my god well
don't get ahead of yourself okay sorry
don't get ahead of yourself don't psych
yourself off we have other stuff to
contend with here we go
so i don't think i'm being off base when
i say you're a man who enjoys the finer
things in life i know that you're at
your most comfortable when you have a
glass full of the glenfiddich or a gold
daytona on your wrist or the rumble of a
v8 engine beneath your loins
you're messing with the bag what's in
the bag so i have i have a couple tricks
here and remember how i talked about
homer simpson lighting
or drinking a candle
well i have this candle from a sex shop
so you know it's good
and oh
there we go
i'm just gonna get that melting because
i have every intention
of pouring some wax on my tongue
to protect me from this [__]
genius
i've tried that before my buddy in
college like everybody like everybody's
roommate in college had a bottle kicking
around in his fridge and i touched some
with a toothpick
and i i
ran outside and like
sprayed my mouth with a hose i was young
i was being theatrical but uh it was it
was it was garbage hey welcome to my
world so
i like how you're like i was young i was
being theatrical and then now you're
lighting a candle like like you've grown
i didn't say it changed
what's the best whiskey to call to a
bartender when they ask you what you
want in your old fashion
um
because of how widely available it is
and because it's uh it makes great
cocktails but i do sip it on its own
angel's envy is one of my favorites
very complex but simple and sweet it's a
great american whiskey and i absolutely
adore it both on its own and it
cocktails for sure
yeah i'm ready to move on but i want to
protect my tongue from this [__]
okay so i'm gonna where'd my little
spoon go can i just have it oh here it
is so i'm going to do i'm going to take
a page out of homer simpson's book first
i'm gonna put a little bit on my skin
like i've been a bad boy
let's see what that feels like
okay
but
i mean i feel disciplined and um
this is taking a turn
guys said you want to try new things
that's what i'm here for
i like this because you know you always
do
dishes
from tv and film
it's in my beard
[Music]
all right so wax to coat the throat
okay all right let's see what happens
is this cheating are people going to
call me out for cheating it's honestly
it's just never happened before i also
just swallowed it like it's gone so
and it might not help you i don't think
it's going you know just drinking wax
out of this sex candle and then eating
the bomb chicken wing you know like if
somebody's in the comments right now be
like that's cheating like sean you're
making it sound weird when you say it
like that
[Music]
oh yeah [__] that [__]
ah
yeah it's gross it tastes bad but no no
you're
you're eating more
[Music]
oh [__] the bomb
that stuff is
vile
ah
bringing back memories
yeah of college and trying to impress my
friends whoa did i just hiccup
i haven't hiccuped in like seven years
i'm hiccuping i swear i have a hiccup in
like seven
this is magical for me are you crying
listen
i'm not immune to it you know
i'm just in here battling through
that is so exciting
that's so exciting for me
i haven't picked up hiccups in so long
this is so cool i'm not i'm not in
control of it
it's so exciting anyway
well speaking of exciting you know i
think one of your most underrated
projects in my opinion
is bedtime with babish yeah where you
would use your calming soothing voice
you would just read stories from public
domain and help put people to sleep
you're making me feel so much better
about myself something happened oh no
did you touch your eyes no but can i get
a napkin
i did i caught some sauce in the eye oh
no
let's take five minute break yeah
oh [__] that [__] man
uh my mouth feels like it's swelling up
oh
who has my epipen
i'm kidding
[Music]
so now you want me to read bedtime
stories or some [__]
so i've pulled a passage from the
velveteen rabbit
we have an asmr mic
okay
bedtime with babish
i'm a professional i can do this
sorry
good evening and welcome
to bed time with babish
this evening upon hot ones i'll be
reading a passage from
the velveteen rabbit
by hans flergenstocken
there once was a velveteen rabbit and in
the beginning he was really splendid
his coat was spotted brown and white
he had real thread whiskers and his ears
were lined with pink satin
there were other things in the stocking
nuts and oranges and a toy engine
and chocolate almonds and a clockwork
mouse
and then there was a great wrestling of
tissue paper and unwrapping of parcels
and in the excitement of looking at all
the new presents
the velveteen rabbit
was forgotten
all right next up you ready for this
yeah the chocolate plate you barrel on
[__] your butt
pepper company that's fun
so you have a very close distinctly
youtube connection with your fans and
there are a million stupid articles out
there about like how to build a youtube
audience with like optimizing analytics
and seo keywords or whatever do you have
any real practical advice when it comes
to how to build and energize a loyal fan
base
uh sorry
i feel like you get lunge on on burps
here you can just do what you want
i feel like um
the advice
so many people come up and ask you know
like how do i grow my channel
brands come and ask you know how do we
grow our channel and
the advice that i want to give but never
do
is you need to make something really
[__] good especially nowadays the
world is so cluttered with so much
content and it's amazing anybody can
reach millions of people with their cell
phone if they do and say the right thing
but that's the key you got to do and say
the right thing and that could mean the
right thing for the audience so that can
be the right thing for yourself
oh i hope the mic picked up that weird
body sound you hear that
come on give me a proper dab but shawn
like dab there we go that's a shawn like
that
ow [__] my stomach hurts more than my
mouth honestly that's actually a worse
place to be i've been there i got i got
a eye rash
my lips are on fire
like i would rather be completely smoked
out in the face than have my stomach
doing backflips yeah
oh okay all right here we go
cheers
[Music]
all right andrew ray here we are at the
end of our spicy chicken wing journey
long overdue if you ask me and i think
it's been so special that we should
immortalize it forever
and ever
how do you suggest we do that sean well
we talked about it beforehand because we
did but now is the moment of truth there
is no turning back
are you ready to do this so ready i'm so
happy that i was able to finish the
wings honestly let's do this come on
okay for randy over in legal can you
look into this camera or this camera and
say
we are not responsible or liable for
anything that happens here dear randy
over in legal hey how are you my name is
binging with babish
i do not hold you responsible for any
horrible infection that i get right now
for getting tattooed amidst these wings
and i don't hold you responsible for
anything really you can do whatever you
want to me right now all right
let's bring in chris from blackfish
tattoo
it's about to go
down
here's to you the
internet you're why this is happening
you lean a little closer
[Music]
this ain't my first radio
oh poppo
the bomb is sadistic that stuff just
wants to hurt
it's like it's like a mac 10 or
pornography there's no artistic value to
it
i have to cough really bad but go ahead
[Music]
holy [__] time flies when you're having
fun
here
have some
have some of the real stuff i'll chase
it there you go yeah chase that milk
with whiskey
like men do
as men do
what's the name does this uh [__] have a
name
you get to name the chicken all right
the chicken's name is drew
i like that all right drew the chicken
from here on out you hear that chris
oh what are you guys doing this weekend
any plans
it's so thin it's gonna blend in with my
hair all right so now we're done
here it goes
oh it's perfect oh my god
look at the lines on that so thin so
strange
look at this i can make it squawk
and it is a thing of beauty and look at
you andrew pulling out all the stops and
now there's nothing left to do but roll
out the red carpet for you my friend
this camera this camera this camera let
the people know what you have going on
in your life hey guys my name is andrew
ray i make a channel called binging with
babish and my new cookbook drops october
22nd you can check it out at
bingingtonwithdavish.comcookbook
you can pre-order it there yeah that's
it thank you so much for having me sean
good job
it's fine this is going to wash off in a
few days right
hey what's going on hot ones fans this
is sean evans checking in to say thank
you so much for watching today's episode
and if you're gonna be in chicago this
weekend good news we'll be there too hot
ones is showing up big at complex con
july 20th and 21st in chicago doing a
live episode with juice world and then
all weekend long in the first week feast
zone slinging wings slinging sauces
slinging merch don't miss it july 20th
and 21st in chicago we'll see you there
[Music]